workshop,garden
refrigerator,teddy bear
refrigerator,dog
living room,refrigerator
garage,apple
dining room,office
bed room,apple
bed room,banana
person,refrigerator
banana,refrigerator
kitchen,garage
garage,bowl
person,bed room
dining room,banana
garden,office
workshop,kitchen
apple,banana
bed room,home
bed room,bottle
refrigerator,teddy bear
laptop,banana
garden,kitchen
laptop,kitchen
person,dining room
workshop,cup
living room,garage
kitchen,living room
office,bottle
refrigerator,dog
garage,kitchen
bed room,refrigerator
apple,living room
bowl,home
cup,home
kitchen,office
living room,dog
laptop,person
garden,refrigerator
garden,bottle
home,garden
cat,kitchen
person,apple
teddy bear,apple
bowl,banana
home,banana
living room,bed room
banana,laptop
bowl,apple
dog,bed room
living room,refrigerator
laptop,garage
apple,workshop
kitchen,cup
laptop,dining room
bowl,workshop
dog,banana
workshop,dining room
cat,laptop
dining room,bed room
workshop,bottle
laptop,garage
dining room,bowl
teddy bear,office
dining room,garage
home,garage
banana,office
home,garden
garage,bottle
dining room,workshop
apple,cup
person,workshop
cup,bottle
refrigerator,bowl
workshop,apple
living room,refrigerator
bowl,living room
refrigerator,garage
cat,laptop
kitchen,office
living room,banana
laptop,workshop
laptop,apple
bed room,kitchen
dog,person
apple,bowl
bottle,dog
home,apple
garage,living room
workshop,dining room
cat,refrigerator
living room,kitchen
workshop,bottle
laptop,garden
person,cat
home,garden
person,apple
bottle,bed room
dining room,living room
refrigerator,dining room
laptop,bed room
garden,person
home,banana
laptop,person
office,dining room
teddy bear,living room
home,teddy bear
bottle,cup
dog,home
cat,bowl
cup,living room
workshop,apple
refrigerator,living room
kitchen,garden
kitchen,cat
workshop,living room
person,bowl
bottle,person
living room,bowl
kitchen,home
laptop,garden
laptop,refrigerator
dining room,bottle
garden,bed room
person,refrigerator
living room,refrigerator
workshop,home
bowl,kitchen
workshop,refrigerator
cup,bed room
kitchen,person
apple,kitchen
teddy bear,office
cup,garage
person,workshop
dog,laptop
office,cup
kitchen,cup
teddy bear,bed room
garden,office
teddy bear,cup
living room,home
garage,office
workshop,home
cat,dining room
garden,bottle
apple,cat
cup,bowl
bed room,laptop
cup,office
cup,person
bottle,living room
laptop,workshop
apple,teddy bear
dining room,living room
cat,dog
dining room,bed room
refrigerator,bottle
cat,kitchen
garden,workshop
bottle,kitchen
home,living room
apple,dog
teddy bear,laptop
bowl,workshop
home,dog
refrigerator,office
office,teddy bear
kitchen,living room
refrigerator,kitchen
dining room,cup
banana,bottle
home,banana
garage,garden
dog,apple
bed room,cat
bowl,bottle
laptop,dining room
office,bowl
cat,kitchen
person,laptop
laptop,kitchen
workshop,teddy bear
bowl,garage
bowl,laptop
workshop,person
garage,home
banana,office
garage,cup
laptop,dining room
garden,bottle
person,cup
living room,kitchen
refrigerator,person
living room,teddy bear
person,teddy bear
refrigerator,dog
kitchen,bed room
home,living room
cup,workshop
office,dog
