apple,bottle,bed room,cup,cat,home,teddy bear
bottle,dining room,office,cat,garage,refrigerator,cup
banana,bottle,dog,kitchen,dining room,cup,teddy bear
refrigerator,laptop,home,living room,dining room,workshop,bowl
living room,banana,dog,garden,bed room,bottle,dining room
dog,bowl,cup,laptop,refrigerator,workshop,apple
kitchen,workshop,living room,bottle,office,laptop,bowl
refrigerator,dining room,dog,banana,teddy bear,bed room,kitchen
workshop,cup,garage,person,bed room,dog,home
bottle,person,home,bed room,banana,kitchen,garden
kitchen,cup,person,living room,laptop,apple,bottle
dog,laptop,dining room,person,bowl,apple,bottle
bowl,living room,workshop,home,laptop,bed room,refrigerator
dining room,workshop,living room,garage,person,cup,laptop
cup,garage,living room,banana,bottle,workshop,office
cup,laptop,bowl,bottle,garden,garage,office
teddy bear,garden,dining room,living room,person,home,apple
workshop,dog,garage,bowl,garden,laptop,kitchen
banana,laptop,bottle,dog,workshop,bed room,cup
banana,kitchen,cat,teddy bear,cup,bed room,garage
garden,teddy bear,cat,office,garage,kitchen,living room
banana,garage,workshop,office,refrigerator,bowl,person
banana,bottle,office,bowl,laptop,bed room,dining room
garden,kitchen,teddy bear,person,bottle,dining room,laptop
cup,teddy bear,garden,bed room,banana,workshop,cat
bed room,kitchen,office,laptop,banana,refrigerator,home
person,garage,office,kitchen,cup,workshop,refrigerator
office,bottle,workshop,refrigerator,garage,cup,kitchen
garage,workshop,laptop,garden,cat,dog,bottle
home,banana,dining room,refrigerator,bed room,bowl,bottle
person,home,office,teddy bear,bowl,laptop,dining room
dog,cat,living room,bed room,banana,workshop,office
cup,kitchen,office,garden,workshop,dog,refrigerator
bottle,bowl,person,living room,dining room,garden,apple
living room,cat,person,workshop,refrigerator,laptop,office
laptop,garden,person,bed room,refrigerator,dining room,cat
home,bottle,living room,garage,dog,bowl,banana
bottle,banana,living room,garden,home,person,office
workshop,living room,teddy bear,bowl,cup,apple,refrigerator
kitchen,refrigerator,office,workshop,apple,teddy bear,bottle
cat,person,dining room,cup,bottle,bed room,kitchen
person,banana,home,bottle,apple,dining room,laptop
home,cup,cat,apple,kitchen,banana,bed room
laptop,cup,bottle,banana,bowl,teddy bear,cat
home,bottle,dining room,laptop,cup,dog,workshop
garden,cup,bottle,teddy bear,living room,apple,dog
workshop,laptop,home,bottle,apple,cat,bowl
living room,kitchen,apple,banana,laptop,refrigerator,dog
apple,garage,garden,home,dining room,kitchen,living room
dining room,kitchen,teddy bear,bed room,banana,cup,dog
dining room,dog,garden,workshop,cat,person,bed room
person,bottle,dining room,refrigerator,kitchen,bowl,apple
dining room,bottle,kitchen,laptop,banana,garage,bed room
bowl,apple,bottle,home,workshop,living room,dining room
banana,garage,dog,garden,kitchen,apple,bed room
teddy bear,dining room,bottle,garage,garden,workshop,living room
kitchen,dining room,teddy bear,home,cup,refrigerator,person
refrigerator,bottle,bowl,person,garden,kitchen,living room
workshop,bowl,cat,dining room,garden,person,home
living room,workshop,bottle,cup,dog,kitchen,bed room
bottle,banana,dog,office,kitchen,person,refrigerator
office,banana,garden,kitchen,teddy bear,bottle,home
garage,bottle,garden,dining room,teddy bear,workshop,cup
person,living room,garage,kitchen,bottle,teddy bear,cup
dining room,workshop,cup,bottle,banana,living room,refrigerator
teddy bear,person,banana,office,living room,refrigerator,cup
bottle,home,kitchen,person,dining room,bed room,teddy bear
kitchen,person,dining room,cat,workshop,home,banana
bottle,garden,dog,garage,cup,bowl,banana
kitchen,cat,dining room,dog,workshop,bottle,bed room
person,kitchen,bottle,garden,garage,laptop,refrigerator
dog,apple,cat,garden,home,bed room,cup
person,garden,banana,bottle,bed room,living room,apple
office,living room,dining room,home,workshop,refrigerator,cat
garage,laptop,dog,refrigerator,office,teddy bear,cat
garden,bed room,refrigerator,laptop,workshop,teddy bear,cat
bottle,kitchen,dog,living room,workshop,laptop,home
cat,living room,bed room,refrigerator,apple,bottle,banana
dining room,kitchen,cat,dog,bowl,refrigerator,laptop
laptop,cup,refrigerator,home,person,banana,dog
bowl,apple,garage,teddy bear,bed room,kitchen,dining room
bottle,dining room,dog,garage,bowl,laptop,person
bottle,garage,home,office,banana,bed room,cat
bottle,teddy bear,dog,bowl,garden,dining room,workshop
refrigerator,kitchen,cat,person,home,bowl,office
refrigerator,office,person,teddy bear,bottle,home,banana
banana,cat,home,teddy bear,workshop,laptop,bottle
bottle,dog,bowl,garden,workshop,laptop,cat
home,garage,refrigerator,apple,cat,living room,workshop
garage,workshop,garden,dog,person,living room,bowl
bowl,home,laptop,garage,teddy bear,bottle,bed room
refrigerator,dining room,bed room,bowl,apple,garden,garage
bottle,garage,cat,dog,bed room,kitchen,workshop
living room,cup,garden,teddy bear,dining room,laptop,home
living room,person,office,kitchen,refrigerator,garden,laptop
workshop,teddy bear,refrigerator,kitchen,office,apple,person
teddy bear,office,cup,banana,garden,dining room,workshop
cup,laptop,apple,refrigerator,garage,person,banana
refrigerator,apple,teddy bear,person,dining room,bottle,cup
apple,kitchen,bottle,bowl,living room,workshop,banana
refrigerator,dining room,cup,teddy bear,living room,garden,workshop
kitchen,banana,teddy bear,cat,dining room,bottle,living room
apple,kitchen,bottle,workshop,office,garden,teddy bear
garden,cup,garage,office,banana,bowl,bed room
dog,cup,kitchen,apple,dining room,person,garden
bottle,dining room,cup,workshop,living room,apple,garden
office,apple,home,dog,person,garage,cup
home,garage,cup,dog,apple,workshop,laptop
dog,living room,bottle,cat,home,bed room,apple
kitchen,laptop,apple,living room,dog,dining room,bottle
apple,bed room,cat,office,garden,banana,kitchen
apple,home,dining room,person,garden,refrigerator,kitchen
person,dog,teddy bear,banana,kitchen,cup,living room
garage,home,refrigerator,bottle,office,laptop,living room
teddy bear,laptop,cup,workshop,office,kitchen,living room
garden,living room,dog,banana,bowl,person,bottle
bottle,banana,laptop,bed room,dog,cup,person
cup,bed room,kitchen,person,teddy bear,refrigerator,apple
workshop,refrigerator,home,office,bottle,laptop,garden
cup,bed room,living room,laptop,teddy bear,home,kitchen
bottle,garage,cup,apple,dog,workshop,living room
living room,banana,workshop,office,home,garage,garden
bowl,laptop,cup,dog,refrigerator,workshop,bottle
dining room,laptop,refrigerator,office,home,cup,teddy bear
person,home,garden,teddy bear,bottle,refrigerator,kitchen
cat,refrigerator,bowl,dog,office,person,home
bed room,banana,living room,bottle,office,garden,person
person,bowl,dog,bed room,garage,living room,workshop
bowl,cup,kitchen,banana,garage,laptop,teddy bear
bottle,cup,home,kitchen,bed room,cat,teddy bear
office,workshop,person,bed room,bowl,apple,teddy bear
dog,apple,bottle,garage,bed room,office,home
apple,cat,person,home,office,dog,bed room
dog,teddy bear,bed room,refrigerator,garden,laptop,office
garage,garden,banana,dining room,living room,kitchen,person
refrigerator,teddy bear,cat,bottle,bed room,living room,home
home,teddy bear,dog,office,apple,bottle,bed room
laptop,workshop,bowl,apple,person,kitchen,banana
workshop,person,dining room,cat,home,dog,kitchen
refrigerator,office,laptop,teddy bear,banana,home,cup
bed room,living room,apple,home,workshop,teddy bear,cat
garage,garden,person,bottle,dog,workshop,laptop
workshop,garage,dog,dining room,banana,refrigerator,laptop
dog,banana,refrigerator,bed room,workshop,teddy bear,kitchen
bowl,home,apple,garden,office,bed room,cat
refrigerator,person,bottle,apple,garden,dog,home
living room,dining room,garage,kitchen,apple,bowl,cup
garden,kitchen,workshop,home,refrigerator,dining room,living room
garage,kitchen,living room,cup,bowl,apple,refrigerator
bottle,dining room,laptop,banana,home,teddy bear,workshop
workshop,dining room,bottle,garden,teddy bear,laptop,kitchen
refrigerator,home,bottle,laptop,teddy bear,cat,dog
garage,teddy bear,banana,office,living room,apple,dog
living room,home,garage,refrigerator,workshop,bowl,laptop
teddy bear,office,refrigerator,living room,person,dog,apple
home,kitchen,bowl,laptop,garage,refrigerator,bed room
laptop,living room,person,bottle,apple,cat,bowl
refrigerator,bottle,cat,laptop,teddy bear,garden,dog
teddy bear,kitchen,laptop,cat,person,banana,bottle
bottle,garden,home,kitchen,person,living room,dining room
person,bed room,garden,bowl,office,cat,cup
home,workshop,apple,dining room,garden,refrigerator,kitchen
dining room,laptop,home,bottle,banana,person,workshop
garage,bowl,office,dog,person,kitchen,home
bed room,cup,home,bottle,laptop,living room,dog
home,laptop,cat,living room,teddy bear,apple,office
dog,bowl,person,apple,workshop,garden,laptop
living room,dining room,garage,workshop,bottle,cat,bowl
garden,workshop,living room,banana,kitchen,laptop,refrigerator
garden,laptop,home,dog,banana,dining room,office
teddy bear,bowl,bed room,banana,dining room,bottle,cat
apple,laptop,kitchen,workshop,home,refrigerator,bed room
bottle,cat,refrigerator,workshop,apple,dog,living room
person,dog,teddy bear,laptop,cup,banana,refrigerator
person,refrigerator,cup,bed room,kitchen,banana,office
garage,bottle,home,workshop,person,bed room,dog
refrigerator,workshop,garage,laptop,cup,banana,living room
dog,living room,bowl,refrigerator,garden,bottle,workshop
bottle,living room,bowl,home,apple,teddy bear,person
banana,laptop,dining room,dog,garage,cup,bowl
dog,kitchen,garage,home,cup,living room,workshop
laptop,bed room,living room,dining room,person,home,bowl
laptop,bowl,person,cat,apple,cup,dog
dining room,cat,living room,laptop,workshop,dog,bottle
person,banana,bowl,laptop,cup,refrigerator,apple
dog,workshop,garden,cat,bottle,refrigerator,dining room
kitchen,bowl,bed room,cup,office,refrigerator,home
cup,laptop,home,refrigerator,apple,person,garden
bowl,bottle,kitchen,dog,banana,garage,living room
banana,living room,bottle,workshop,garden,garage,apple
banana,living room,bowl,cup,garage,kitchen,office
bottle,laptop,living room,teddy bear,person,banana,kitchen
kitchen,bed room,garden,office,banana,dining room,person
living room,banana,person,refrigerator,laptop,teddy bear,home
workshop,office,living room,garage,person,teddy bear,bottle
living room,dog,home,bed room,office,kitchen,bowl
workshop,laptop,apple,refrigerator,person,cat,dining room
living room,banana,person,workshop,garden,office,dining room
person,home,living room,dining room,teddy bear,bed room,kitchen
bowl,office,home,teddy bear,laptop,banana,cup
